# * replaces screen0 and screen1

# tabs
session.*.tabs.usePixmap          : false
session.*.tabs.maxOver            : true
session.*.tabs.intitlebar         : true
session.*.tab.placement           : TopLeft
session.*.tab.width               : 200
session.*.tabFocusModel           : ClickToTabFocus

# windows
session.*.window.focus.alpha      : 255
session.*.window.unfocus.alpha    : 255
session.*.titlebar.left           :	
session.*.titlebar.right          : Minimize LHalf RHalf Close

# toolbar
session.screen0.toolbar.onhead    : 2
session.*.toolbar.layer           : AboveDock
session.*.toolbar.height          : 0
session.*.toolbar.autoHide        : false
session.*.toolbar.widthPercent    : 100
session.*.toolbar.tools           : workspacename, iconbar, clock
session.*.toolbar.visible         : true
session.*.toolbar.alpha           : 255
session.*.toolbar.placement       : BottomCenter
session.*.toolbar.maxOver         : false

# iconbar
session.*.iconbar.alignment       : Center
session.*.iconbar.usePixmap       : false
session.*.iconbar.mode            : {static groups} (workspace) (minimized=yes)
session.*.iconbar.iconWidth       : 250
session.*.iconbar.iconTextPadding : 10

# slit
session.*.slit.layer              : Desktop
session.*.slit.onhead             : 0
session.*.slit.acceptKdeDockapps  : true
session.*.slit.alpha              : 255
session.*.slit.placement          : BottomRight
session.*.slit.autoHide           : false
session.*.slit.maxOver            : true

# misc
session.*.menu.alpha              : 255
session.*.clientMenu.usePixmap    : false
session.*.colPlacementDirection   : TopToBottom
session.*.workspaces              : 5
session.*.windowPlacement         : UnderMousePlacement
session.*.focusModel              : ClickFocus
session.*.clickRaises             : true
session.*.maxDisableMove          : false
session.*.noFocusWhileTypingDelay : 0
session.*.fullMaximization        : false
session.*.maxIgnoreIncrement      : true
session.*.menuDelay               : 0
session.*.defaultDeco             : NORMAL
session.*.workspacewarping        : true
session.*.strftimeFormat          :  %a %d - %H:%M:%S
session.*.tooltipDelay            : 500
session.*.showwindowposition      : false
session.*.focusNewWindows         : true
session.*.rowPlacementDirection   : LeftToRight
session.*.edgeSnapThreshold       : 5
session.*.focusSameHead           : false
session.*.allowRemoteActions      : true
session.*.opaqueMove              : true
session.*.opaqueResize            : true
session.*.maxDisableResize        : true
session.*.workspaceNames          : ,   Workspace 1   ,   Workspace 2   ,   Workspace 3   ,   Workspace 4   ,   Workspace 5   ,
session.*.autoRaise               : true

# general
session.cacheLife                 : 5
session.configVersion             : 13
session.cacheMax                  : 200
session.tabsAttachArea            : Window
session.doubleClickInterval       : 250
session.menuSearch                : itemstart
session.forcePseudoTransparency   : false
session.tabPadding                : 0
session.autoRaiseDelay            : 250
session.ignoreBorder              : false
session.colorsPerChannel          : 4

# files locations
session.*.windowMenu              : ~/.fluxbox/windowmenu
session.menuFile                  : ~/.fluxbox/menu
session.appsFile                  : ~/.fluxbox/apps
session.slitlistFile              : ~/.fluxbox/slitlist
session.styleOverlay              : ~/.fluxbox/overlay
session.keyFile                   : ~/.fluxbox/keys
session.styleFile                 : ~/.fluxbox/styles/workhorse
